welcome to Starbound inside Oh everyone
copy here and I am joined by record
Matthew and Zach and we are on the third
boss now and you'll notice my luxurious
head see I have no idea where the fourth
floor said this is so this is a first
time one to know i'll put it up on the
hill over here yeah wait not yet not yet
so this is the third this probably will
unlock sector X or something we don't
know what it is but it's a princess oh
oh oh Jesus you to make a limit and make
them from sa it may wait it this is what
it says there's a message coming up I
should take you to the planet's surface
and see what it attracts all right you
ready for this yeah I like to boogie
price of that I really have but oh maybe
it attracts something wait do we even
know this is a boss it should be oh god
no god damn stupid bird you've just gone
in the oak don't like the sound of light
it just keeps wait hang on since we all
clicked it doesn't mean that could be
for sporting i doubt baseball this bring
my frame rates lowering i heerd bar
music a minute ago Shh yeah but i think
that was too stupid bird is a new jeep
max so maybe it isn't yes bring you
should move it Breaking and blue their
curriculum alright and where we want it
smack bang in the center babies prize
surface would see me all right place it
down it means planet's surface what are
you doing though yeah but we did put it
on the plastic surface we have done
maybe we have to wait for a while we
should wait a while display sitter where
we got it yeah yeah oh I think I have it
Spock ooh oh oh oh what the heck yeah
can I good idea oh my god it's the
dragon Matthew and I've already wished
this before we multiply
go on it keep that oh my gosh we proved
our pants all of us did this oh oh oh
that is ridiculous it's double 30 this
will make for a great video straight
away we've taken it down by one level oh
god damn it someone stay alive that has
to do in behalf let's do it like I've
got an idea i'm gonna get on oh my towel
come in handy for this she you walk how
I won't know it won't hit shoes through
walls does it yep I'm dead calm diggity
again as a problem we need to get out
the door but this fire the way down it's
okay I've got it you can't hit me really
yeah you're safe sporting yeah look in
my tower oh no it's on the top now oh
okay I'm learning it down Carrie knows
how do we signing known us oh we just
have to avoid the fire okay it's not
actually that difficult I know nice
little bit about it this is a bit about
the sugar down this is our boss ball
yeah yeah I can't even see him anymore
I'm gonna have to use doubt but yeah
come on over here come out and fight him
I'm doing this alone yeah well I did go
on oh shoot him from the tower skill
dices fire breaks things the way wow
this is a cool bar stock rock I dope
into him like a no no blood he dead easy
and now yes oh come on you is final
breath oh yes well wait it died from his
corpse hey where is he come on what did
he draw ok I've got sector acts of you
yes how because he dropped sector x
you